Finalize sunpy >7.0 support (#237)
sunpy/radiospectra: changelog/237.bugfix.rst

> Removed legacy sunpy version check and fallback scraper pattern in ``EOVSAClient`` since `sunpy[net]>=7.0` is now mandated.

Reviewer: I think we usually use the Fix, Add, Remove, ... rather than Fixed, Added, Removed ... If you use reference they will show up as links in the final rendered change log.

```suggestion
Remove legacy sunpy version check and fallback scraper pattern in `~radiospectra.net.sources.eovsa.EOVSAClient` since `sunpy[net]>=7.0` is now mandated.
```

Author: Will keep that in mind
